[RHCLOUD-35780] Make Drawer notifications actionable by adding a link to additional details (#4405)
RedHatInsights/notifications-backend: common-template/src/main/resources/templates/drawer/Vulnerability/anyCveKnownExploitBody.md

> Red Hat Insights has just identified a CVE with the Known Exploit label. Please review the details of this **[{data.events[0].payload.reported_cve}]({environment.url}/insights/vulnerability/cves/{data.events[0].payload.reported_cve}?from=notifications&integration=drawer)**. The "Known Exploit" flag is added to any CVE that is determined to have been exploited in the "wild" by Red Hat Product Security. This flag does not reflect your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Red Hat Lightspeed identified a CVE with the known exploit label. Review the details of the **[{data.events[0].payload.reported_cve}]({environment.url}/insights/vulnerability/cves/{data.events[0].payload.reported_cve}?from=notifications&integration=drawer)**. CVE and affected systems to determine risk and exposure for your organization. The "Known Exploit" label is added to any CVE that is determined to have been exploited publicly by Red Hat Product Security. This label does not reflect your environment.
```
